




CHURCHILL C.E.V.C. PRIMARY SCHOOL
Pudding Pie Lane, Langford
Bristol, BS40 5EL

Dear Parents,									              10th March 2010
SPRING 9/2010

This week we have been celebrating all the different groups in our lives, from individual friends to 
being part of the Commonwealth. Have a look on the school website net week to see the children's 
ideas of what binds us all together at Churchill.

STAFFING NEWS

Mrs Lockyer has decided to retire at the end of the Easter Term.  She will be greatly missed by her 
class and staff.  Her wonderful artistic skills have lead many successful school projects and children 
love her creative contributions.  We wish her a happy and fulfilling retirement!

MARQUEES FOR SALE

Our old green fabric Marquees are for sale.  If you are interested, please leave a sealed bid in the 
school office in excess of £100 by the end of March 2010.

INAPPROPRIATE PARKING

Please remember to park considerately - there is only parking on site for staff cars.
PLEASE
*	Don't block gateways of local residents - last week one of our neighbours could not leave 
for work because their driveway was blocked!
*	Don't park on the grass bank opposite the school
*	Don't park on road corners
Remember - you can park in the Stag and Hounds car park and enjoy the spring air while walking 
to school with your children!  Thank you for your co-operation.

LATEST AWARD INFORMATION

This week Certificates were awarded to children for their outstanding work and contributions to 
school life.

CLASS R:	Adam Hobson			CLASS 3:	Harry Fear
CLASS 1:	Liam  Collins			CLASS 4:	Daniel  Caulfield
CLASS 2:	Evelinh Spearing		CLASS 5:	Euan Campbell
						CLASS 6:	Charlie Cook
The Citizens Cup was awarded to Sam Thompson. 
SMSA Cup was awarded to Isabelle Stephenson.
Cloakroom Cup was awarded to Year 5
Football players of the week were:  Jack Slingsby and Dylan Yandell - very well done!

EXCITING PTA NEWS

The Summer Fair date is now "fixed in stone" on JULY 10TH .  We have changed the date to take 
into consideration the World Cup games!

The Easter Parade and Quiz will be on March 30th so start practicing now!

June is PTA month. Planned events include "Grow a Pound" and "10p collect" - start saving your 
10p pieces!
Contd/over.................

CHURCHILL KIDS CLUB

Churchill Kids Club is an Ofsted registered play scheme providing before and after school care for 
children at Churchill Primary school operating from 7.45am in the mornings and until 5.45pm in the 
evenings. Children can also come onto the club following another after school club.  A yearly 
registration of  £10 is required and then you may use the club regularly or just once in a while.  
Childcare funding may be available for you either via tax credits or salary sacrifice schemes.  There 
are currently spaces at all sessions.  For further details please contact the Manager, Valerie Pain on 
07756355628, look in the school welcome pack or pick up a leaflet from our notice board next to 
the hall door in the school lobby.

CRAZE OF THE WEEK

At lunch times we are organising traditional children's games and next week's "craze" is French 
Skipping being led by Mrs Warren.

BARNARDOS

Charity workers will be presenting their work in Key Stage Services tomorrow.  Children can (if 
you wish them to) take part in some fund-raising, but there is NO PRESSURE!

LANGFORD POST OFFICE

As most of you will be aware, Kevin and Trina are closing the Post Office and shop for good from 
the first week of April.  If you would like to contribute to a gift and sign a card to say "thank you", 
please pop into Suzi's hairdressers from today until Saturday 27th March to add to the collection and 
leave a message for them both.  As this is a surprise, please do not discuss this with Kevin!  Any 
questions or concerns - please feel free to telephone Cheryl on 01934 863898.

INTERESTING FACT OF THE WEEK

The following was chosen by Oliver Sthamer:

"Sharks eat about 40 people a year, mostly in the Indian Ocean off the coat of Indonesia and 
Australia".

Yours sincerely,



Mrs V. Tighe
Head Teacher









Telephone 01934 852446							Fax 01934 852706
Email:  churchill.pri@n-somerset.gov.uk
Website:  www.churchill-pri.n-somerset.sch.uk
Headteacher Mrs V. Tighe B.Ed NPQH

Our mission......to inspire love of learning within a Christian community, 
Promoting tolerance, creativity and zest for life.
