





CHURCHILL C.E.V.C. PRIMARY SCHOOL
Pudding Pie Lane, Langford
Bristol, BS40 5EL


Dear Parents					                       8th July  2009

SUMMER 11/2009

Although the weather has not been too favourable so far this week let’s keep our fingers crossed that we 
have sunshine on Saturday for our Summer Fayre and if we don’t we’ll make sure our spirits are not 
dampened and we have lots of fun any way! Look forward to seeing you all there.

Don’t forget we have a MUFTI Day on Friday 10th July.  All the children can wear non-uniform in 
return for bringing in either a tombola or a cake donation for the Summer Fayre.


GOOD NEWS - FOOTBALL 

Players of the week were:  Luke Young and Oliver Wynn.

LOVELY  FAMILY PHOTOGRAPHS – SATURDAY 18TH JULY 2009

On Saturday 18th July from 9.00 a.m. onwards, photographers will be available to take Family 
Photographs.  Please come along to the school hall and preserve all those lovely family memories in 
print!  The photos are being taken by the Neary-Jones family.

AWARDS

No Certificates were awarded this week as it was Y3 assembly and what a wonderful event it was.  The 
talents and experiences they shared were fantastic and they were so enthusiastic.  Thank you to Mrs 
Williams and Mrs Humm.

SUMMER FAYRE – Saturday 11th July 2pm

Please bring any raffle ticket stubs and money, together with any unsold tickets, back to the office as 
soon as possible and if you would like any more there are still some available.

Tombola donations can be brought into school on Thursday or Friday and cake donations on Friday.
 
Arts and Crafts can be brought into school on Friday from 3.30pm – 5.00pm and on Saturday morning 
from 10.00am – 11.00am.  

THE POTATO  SPONSOR FORMS

A quick reminder that sponsor forms need to be returned to school by 10th July and potatoes will be 
“revealed” on Thursday July 16th.  All money raised will be sent to Woodford Primary for them to buy 
potatoes to plant in the Spring – so let’s hope lots of people will sponsor even a few pennies.  If you 
have the opportunity to look at the display in the entrance hall you can see some photos of events that 
have recently taken place at Woodford.


ONLY FOR INFORMATION

As you may be aware there are a number of reported cases of Swine Flu in our area, none at the moment 
here at Churchill Primary School.  I have attached a letter from the North Somerset regarding current 
guidelines for your information, it contains the latest advice and gives contact numbers if you require 
further information.

NEWS

We enjoyed a delightful concert with John Dalton, Harpist, today and we are very grateful to Churchill 
Music for funding this wonderful opportunity.  

BACK IN SEPTEMBER

We return to school on Friday 4th September as Thursday is an inset day

UNIFORM – NOT TODAY!

Friday 10th July – non-uniform day in return for tombola and cake donations for the Summer Fayre.

REDUCED PRICE SWIMMING LESSONS

26th – 31st July – Churchill Sports Centre, please see leaflets displayed in school foyer for further 
information.

YEAR 6 NEWS

A big thank you to everyone who supported the T@3 on Friday.  The nearly new stall and raffle raised 
over £153, not to mention over £100 for the refreshments!  Year 6 will be busy raising funds again on 
Friday with a sponsored obstacle run and they will be washing staff cars on Monday in order to fund 
their forthcoming trip to London next week.  We wish them well.

We are looking forward to our performance of “All About Cats” on Tuesday 14th July and Wednesday 
15th July in the evening.  Year 6 parents - please return ticket requests as soon as possible but by Friday 
at the latest.  From Monday extra tickets may be available for parents from other year groups and we 
will let you know in due course if there is any availability..

Yours sincerely,



Mrs V. Tighe
Head Teacher






Telephone 01934 852446							Fax 01934 852706

Email:  churchill.pri@n-somerset.gov.uk
Website:  www.churchill-pri.n-somerset.sch.uk

Headteacher Mrs V. Tighe B.Ed NPQH

Our mission……to inspire love of learning within a Christian community, 
Promoting tolerance, creativity and zest for life.
